Where do we come from?
Is one of life's most basic questions?
And how we answer that question could, to a large extent,
determine where we are going.
Some people believe that life came about by evolution
and that no one deserves credit for it.
Others believe in creation,
but no little or nothing about the Creator.
Still, others may not give the question,
where do we come from?
Any thought at all.
In this video series,
you will meet a variety of people
who at one time believed in the evolution of life
or had unclear ideas about how life came to be.
Most of them had scientific or cultural backgrounds
that formed the basis for their beliefs.
Jehovah's Witnesses agree with the Bible verse
at Romans 120,
which says that God's invisible qualities
are clearly seen from the world's creation onward
because they are perceived by the things made,
even his eternal power and Godship.
In each video,
you'll hear how someone came to agree
with the existence of a Creator.
And you'll learn something about what they observed
that changed their thinking.
The video series is entitled
View Points on the Origin of Life.